I feel I am only existing, not living. There is not much color to my life. All I do is stay quiet, at home, be judgemental regarding gains and losses, not strive for better outcome, at least there should be a strive to be better, but I am not being  honest at that. I want to seek a life that is much more meaningful.
I want to become energetic, cheerful, diplomatic, smart, and loving and lovable, trustable, a human. 

I don;'t even know what my purpose is to write this here. I never could find a purpose. Maybe life does not even have a purpose. We make it. We want to propagate our families, take care of them, have fun, love and beloved, and experience being a human. 

I don't want a life that is too quiet. I want to be cheerful, energetic, trustworthy, but also capable of leading a healthy family.  I have stagnated much of my of my growth sprout due to fear, lethargy, social anxiety, and the fear of social judgement and the resulting anxiety. 

For now, I want to be capable of building a social circle and help my beloveds grow in it. I want to be sociable, capable, less 

I always thought money, comfort will satisfy my life. Although I am nowhere near to that goal, but I know that I want cheerfulness, smart in life. 
I fear being elegant will lead me to being fake. Is this fear justifiable?  Being elegant is different from being dignified, isn't it?

I think these are my issues, as everyone has theirs. I believe I don't have the answer and the capability to look through these issues and find appropriate remedies. However, I am inclined to doubt a remedy's existence. 

For now what I want:
1. Become financially capable and stable
2. Find appropriate ways to be socially open, be less judgemental, know right from wrong (as I continuously doubt myself and social circumstances. This question always comes tp my mind- Is there even something which is completely right or true?)
3. Be able to express myself in a cheerful manner (but why did I feel guilty about it in the past? was it because of mother's poor state and our family conditions, that I thought becoming cheerful was undeserved?)
4. Become good decision maker
5. Lead my family to good education, prosperity, and peace (why do I still have the notion that being energetic is too much? Maybe I am wrong, but maybe it is because I had to keep low expectation from myself and my family?).

I am afraid that I may take too long to sort our these answers and maybe never ever find them. Then how am I going to live my life?

18th March 2022, 02:19pm
