I think my life is becoming  very different from what I intended.  First, I thought I would be studying at university, get NET-JRF at MA, get a job of professor, but I dropped out. I did not have much skills at that time to help me gain web dev job or government job exam, although even if I got a job of police constable, I strongly doubt whether I would accept it. Because I did not ask for that life. 

At this moment I want to sort things out in my life. I don't like the way my life is headed. Since  after my higher secondary exam I have got lethargic and didn't want to work hard. I have demolished every good habits which I had during my higher secondary.  

I have also got addicted to watching YouTube and  masturbating to porn which I cannot seem to live without. 

There are a few skills I want to master:
- Talking to strangers and family alike in polite and confident manner
- Typing without looking at the keyboard
- Managing my work
- Organizing my thoughts  and integrating it with my workflow.

Life looks so grim, in the notion that we are going o be old in a few years. I have already lived 22 years most of which I either did not have control over, or I did not use effectively to my advantage and needs. I have now around 30-40 years left, but the first 4-5 years are going to be so critical. I am afraid that I may fail. 

I think I can get a vision by imagining where I want to end up in my life and then strategizing my life in such a way. But I am poor at handling unexpected events. I changed my plans/wishes multiple times not putting enough efforts into them and not knowing my strengths, weakness, and circumstance.

I wish I had gotten the opportunity to learn Computer and English way back when I was a child. I also wish i I had put more effort in all the works that I did. Although I did not enough learning resources, I wish I could utilize my studies to boost my performance at school and bring myself to the center of attention with the hope to get better learning opportunities. But I doubted both my ability and the practicality of this plan.

Later I wished to drop out of school in the hopes that I could gather monetary resources to change our family condition and give myself edge in terms of learning resources. But I was scared and feared that it might not work out well and I could have got out of school and be stuck with low wage work. 

One other limitation at that time was that I could not find appropriate person to take counsel from, and I was scared of asking those who were available. I was scared also to go find them. There were countless mistakes that I made. 

Another awkward situation was that I could find solace in books. But I did not read them for academic's sake, not exam's sake, neither was it for improving my performance at school. I sometimes used them to learn, and at other times I used them to keep myself busy so that I wouldn't have to face uncomfortable situations or be disturbed.  I regret it. I believe I should have learnt other skills also which were available to me at that time. 

Maybe my present would have been different if I had learn to write in a cohesive, organized manner. I tried to write at my childhood and early adolescent days, but I would lose those pages and be upset about it.

Now I fear that my self-identity may hinder myself from growing. I often think of myself as a failure or fallen. I am afraid that what has happened these past few years- negligence, half-hearted efforts, ay continue to pour into my future as well unless I take firm stand, have an accurate sense of my strengths, and put in concentrated and passionate effort. 

But even that may not suffice for my lack of social development. I have to keep facing new social situations, get comfortable taking the initiative in talking, and be comfortable in various social situations. 
